missing I am missing we're gonna say
what the tops I am going up oh so close
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten I got ten i missed these two
I'm going up oh so close that was a good
swing but I didn't like the bottles over
I didn't like the bottles over
you
I'm determined to top that two-by-four
in two tops
it's not here the not down there little
piece there get to not so what is intact
balance point bounced on me a one done
in two tops I'm going to flip it over
though
not bad not bad as a two inch blade no I
kind of hold itself good yes two chops
to chops I've got to flip it over a
dozen and two jobs let's try it again
try it again one-handed this time that's
one hand that is good penetration that's
two inches inside look at our
penetration
one-handed new jobs
every time to buy for two chops
the handles getting kind of dirty right
it's getting kind of dirty from where my
hand greeson and pine sap going to have
to be wrap it in so this baby after I
rewrap it will be up for sale then cut a
two-by-four in two chops just have to
clean up that edge a little bit just
going to rewrap it with the same or
similar color this underneath is still
good and there's really good retention
here really good retention nice and
comfortable I'm going to do a better job
there that's going to get done better
and more more stitching so you don't
have any gaps all right guys PMV for you
want to make an offer